my chicken
I'll let you break it
I let you build a wall
I won't pay anything
Build it like you
How long does it take to build it?
what can we do?
My parents stood up and saw it.
It's time to add something to your heart again
stop building it
I thought of a better way
what to do
what are you laughing at?
I have no expectations
i can see you here
what does that mean
At least
i can find a place to live
It's nice to have this rose
Yes
In this way, even if the wall falls down
Your parents won't be unhappy to see you
The family finally separated
back
Make money freely
go back to sleep
There is work tomorrow
Be careful
good stone
All fish will bite, right?
there is a fish
lie
i caught him
let me help you
looks like a big fish
one two three
I caught him, I caught him
hurry up
Xiaoqi made a good choice.
Come
Isn't this too hot?
should stay away
Come and eat fish
Where can I get grilled fish?
Come quickly
nice smell
you today
Why do you think of fishing?
Slower
i did well
Miss Lian
This is fifty pounds
Garlic flowers money
accept
Thank you, shopkeeper Zhang
Miss Lian and Mr. Shen
Have you ever thought about it?
Make this garlic and peanut recipe
he sells
People who like to eat this peanut now
more and more
we are sold out
There are many restaurants and shops
I still want to make more money through this.
If discovered by others
The best peanuts
Then I gave you medicine
It’s no longer rare
Better take advantage of it now
sell me this recipe
Make money and buy more acres of good land
To avoid worrying about this all day
Shopkeeper Zhang
If this were our recipe
If only it were easy to think about
You won't be here either
suggest we sell
We are country people and we are not afraid of hard work.
With this recipe
We make more money every year
Is there a steady flow of business?
for me and you
This is also a good thing
Do you think so?
any
future
if you change your mind
Remember to come to me first
He should
Which hour?
The rice is not cooked either
I want my whole family to starve to death.
Go to the village and have a look
Whose wife is as lazy as you?
In the past few days
When I was your daughter-in-law
Your mother thinks about those days again
Where did the eldest daughter-in-law die?
Don't go out to work for the time being
Can I carry the big sedan chair?
Can't I invite you?
Mom is coming
She is coming
uncle
when we are
Back to the city
when you first came
But well said
Just stay at home for a few days
I'll be back when the autumn harvest is over
can wait now
still retained
It's almost winter
One of the three-bedroom family
That's because they are divided into rooms.
The second wife is pregnant again
Your mother did this because of family separation.
full of anger
I'm the only one who can wipe it
He just stares at me all day
How can I bear such sin?
leave it alone
do you remember?
when we first arrived at our home
When proposing
How did you agree?
You said you will be entering high school soon
In the blink of an eye, I can be an official's wife
Then it will be
Enjoy endless glory
endless wealth
i still swear
future
Don't let me suffer even a little bit
suffer a little
But look
See here and here
This place is also located here
Mom, have some tea
Mother
something went wrong
how are you
This holiday has passed too
The autumn harvest is also completed
how about tomorrow?
I will return to the city
The first thing is to calm down and read.
again
Find another book school
Get a job sitting in a restaurant
Okay, come back soon
Don't miss the point
she is mother
I'll go back and pack my luggage now
Come back, leader, come back
Leave
Son’s second wife is pregnant
if you don't stay and work
I am an old woman, is it possible...
Treat this big family to food and drink
Mother
she has to go
If you don't come back with me
Who will wash and cook for my son?
clean door
besides it
you are not always
Are you looking forward to your grandchildren?
You want to leave your daughter-in-law behind
This grandson
Otherwise there will be even more hopelessness
make a deal
I still don't know how much it weighs.
I still do laundry and cook.
You think I'm a stupid bitch
You can't study well in the city
Jingxue’s shameless trick
It wasn't even a bad lesson for Hoyer.
It also hurt Xiuer
stay with me
study hard
How to take care of a house
When did you learn it?
What time do we get back?
As for whether the flowers should go or stay?
I do not care
Mother
No time to take care of family
Back to the city
Hire a maid
i had it for a while
I'll give you five taels of silver
That's not what you did standing there
pestle here
Go feed the pigs quickly
Sweep that arena
Washing backyard vegetables
he goes
Mother
Do you really not want to see dad?
Why give it as a gift?
heartless
He said he wanted to keep me
You left me like this
What's wrong
Do you still want me to keep smiling?
Go and beg for mercy quickly
to serve him
Brother and second sister
Look how busy my sister-in-law is
you usually work
the most convenient thing
please help my sister in law
sister in law
It's not that I don't help
only
I am pregnant
I can't smell the fumes
I just came to ask for a bowl of water.
Then drink slowly
Isn't this a flower?
Finally no longer living in seclusion at home
I'm ready to go out and meet people.
are you feeling better?
ignore it
Mother
my country is a
His boss's wife
Do you lack strength?
Still missing the chain
The vegetables were burnt
tell me
Doesn't make people feel anxious at all
It's not enough to watch for a while longer
you have to be good
Learn from your second wife
She feels more comfortable doing things
really
The sun comes out from the west
Didn't you say you can't smell the fumes?
What's your job?
Let's go now
leave immediately
he told you this
Gadel Burning
milk
You said it's not winter yet?
Second uncle wears a lot
The weather is not hot
she is fat
Mother
Slower
How much did you do this time?
Follow us and communicate with restaurants
Depends on the amount of discussion
There are still many shortcomings
I have to buy more peanuts.
we still have some money
Go and have another wave
Why don't you buy it from your father?
I want him to know about my milk
We make money selling peanuts and garlic
You won't have to get into trouble anymore
We sell so much
Every restaurant knows it
The Lian girl does business
Do they still know?
This is when families fall apart
Maybe my grandma is angry.
you don't care about us at all
Kraft
Queen
Mom, listen to me
I'm careful of catching a cold in my stomach
Just wrap it with a piece of cloth
Be careful about the baby in my belly
I received it today
I'll hit you too, you lazy woman
Mother
Know things like God
I want to hit you
Come
You lazy woman
There
stop and get there quickly
do not be late
I know I know
Go quickly, go quickly
come here, come here
Come on, everyone. Come on, everyone.
Let the people behind you hurry up
less
Come on
People behind, hurry up
Why are government officials here?
Let’s talk together when everyone is here.
Come on, come on, come on, come on
The total tax amount is
ten taels of silver
a lot of
Land tax and personal tax this year
Haven't you already shipped it?
A new decree was issued above
The closet is empty now
Ask someone
Everyone pays another poll tax
besides it
In the past, your family’s fields
This is the name of Lian Xiucai
Can reduce taxes
But now your fields
Separated from the name Lian Xiucai
This is field tax
This is a very normal thing and should not be missed at all.
But we were classified as an underclass.
How can I keep up with Toda?
Pay the same amount
No matter what type of field
Is there anything gained from this?
everyone must be delivered
Mr. Yamen
This official always thinks about the people
How could such a decree be enacted?
Empathy
Who told you this?
Who do you go to to protect yourself?
all
I have to go to the next village
Send it quickly.
Where can I get a lot of money?
I didn’t have the money to pay, I just paid.
bobby
i have money
They all went to pick up peanuts
Big brother
Can you give us a few days' grace?
Not allowed by default
if you cannot deliver
You are responsible
You must follow us to Yemen
Are you still being unreasonable?
Why are you still arresting people?
this this this
stay rational
How can you arrest people at will?
but now
We really can't be together
ten taels of silver
The difference is
There are some dried fruits at home
Chicken, duck, etc.
Do you think you can get a tax break?
I just finished dividing the family
There isn't much left in the house
Why is this tax so heavy?
This is not the case everywhere
Since officials came to power
He has always advocated light slave labor and low taxes
I didn't expect to be here
Local officials are disobedient
Means of imposing excessive fees and various taxes
appear at infinity
taxes here
Much higher than the amount transferred to the court
Think about it, most of it is money
everything fell down
into the pockets of corrupt officials
How do you know so much?
I have been to Beijing once in the past
i heard some
I thought there was someone above you
Ordinary people's lives are here
life is very difficult
I really want to go back
Where are you going back?
another world
world on stars
There
No excessive taxes or miscellaneous taxes
Facing natural or man-made disasters
There will also be subsidies
Agricultural technology has also been developed
No need to face the loess and the sky behind you
crops can grow
You shouldn't be confused by having a fever, right?
I'm not confused
What you said is true
I've just started
Go and dry the peanuts quickly
People in the restaurant are still waiting.
return
Waiting for our peanuts and garlic
Bigger and stronger
you will make a lot of money
This little money
i don't take it seriously
you are very confident
you have no confidence
What do you think of our garlic peanuts?
Not trustworthy?
all
food spoiled
Have government officials visited your home?
exist
This year
Taxes are indeed getting heavier and heavier.
closed
Even the pots and pans were taken away
So does my family
This is the land tax value for this season.
It's time to hand it over again in a blink of an eye
You said you wouldn't let anyone live anymore?
This is wrong
My mother eats peanuts
I have bad teeth and have difficulty eating.
you eat it
Mom, try it
tasty
No I'm fine
You eat, you eat
Mom, try it
it's really different
I just bought it yesterday
If it tastes good, try it.
You don't need to keep it to eat
Mom, I skinned you
try it
Try it, mom
really tasty
unnecessary
you eat it
taste
My teeth are fine and I can eat
This peanut is so fragrant
What if I don’t pay taxes?
I can also buy two cans to take home
If you want to eat it, you still have to buy it.
What does it mean if you don't?
this is not your home
Did Sister Man do it?
These top restaurants are selling well
Everyone still has to queue up to buy.
Yes
I'll peel some more for you
shattered
It’s broken, it’s broken, it’s broken.
What’s wrong with you?
look at yourself
There is something else at home
I even forgot
I won't talk to you again.
whenever something happens to your family
Indeed you have a lot to do
Something always happens at critical moments
smells so good
eat them all
What?
Teeth fell out
all
Not enough food and gravel to collect it
The money is used to pay taxes.
Don’t eat if it’s too little
What's your job
Leave some for your wife to eat when she gets hungry.
not dead
Why did you come back?
completely
this is our meal
Compared with the third family
Very shabby
Second sister-in-law
I'm going to my third brother's house for dinner
What did his family eat today?
Fried eggs with minced pork, leeks and eggplant
Slow Cooked Pork Ribs
rib cage
Shu Yi, let me tell you
Although the ribs are braised,
The soup is very fragrant
It still smells delicious
What then?
and cooked chicken
Stir-fried Pork Chops with Mushrooms
Tofu
The smell of vegetables fried in oil
Just fragrant
my life
I have never tasted such delicious food before
I have never tasted such a delicious soup.
This dish is very delicious
you
Mom, stop talking
sit down and have something to eat
I can't eat anymore
This is the third family
Where can I buy spare ribs?
Their families don’t have to pay taxes.
His family is not short of money
Man'er recently sold that one
peanut garlic
Sold very well
Why don't you send me a package?
I will try it I will try it
I told Lao San and the others at that time
It's time to separate the family
I'm still worried about them
Talk about the days ahead
But how can I survive?
I didn't expect it
This is the creepiest girl in our family
Really capable
This is not a modern single-family house.
Where are his hind legs?
I thought of a way to make money
Don't look at Laosan and the others.
it's honest
I didn't expect it
This makes money
Not a little trick
Mother
Can you feel relieved now?
good smell
taste
third child
Mother
go out
Did you call me for something?
What's wrong
This busy man must have something to do
Only then can you go out
Mother
I did not mean that
I have made a lot of money selling peanuts recently.
Every time I see you coming back from the market
Handheld
Whether it's fish or meat
This is Manier's child
I started a small business of my own
money earned
Just enough to buy some food
Daya Festival
what are you afraid of
Even if my mother asks for food
I won't borrow money from you either
rest assured
look at what you said
Don't say you don't care what I want
i just want something
I must respect you too
OK
do it
Garlic and Peanut Recipes
give to me
not a girl
This is the recipe for garlic and peanuts
I have no idea
Okay Sanal
has hope
everyone knows how to fool me
No
I really do not know
Don't think I don't understand you
peanut garlic
This was done before the breakup.
Do you want to make money and hide it from your father and me?
I've never thought of it this way
If I knew he would go to jail
I might strangle you to death.
I don't need you to look at me now
like a theft guard
Mom's heart is cold
Mother
Sister what should I do?
Don't worry
I am fermenting
Go call grandpa
hurry up
I've been buried
Half of them were buried.
Mother
I'll go to the city later
Drinking tea with the little sisters
You've been working hard lately
Do you want me to go into town?
i brought you something
It doesn't matter, go on your own
Why do you have trouble sitting on your chest again?
I told my mom this morning
I heard it mentioned by friends in the city
In fact, my third uncle’s family has been doing this for a long time.
Garlic and peanut business for sale
Sold throughout the city
In fact, this is a garlic and peanut recipe
He was there before they broke up.
Speak logically
This recipe belongs to
Lien family
If he brings milk
Then you can start your own business
Life should be better than it is now
you
Mom and Dad can’t swallow bran vegetables
You don’t even ask or care.
I don't care, I don't care
ungrateful
Don't you leave us a way to escape?
what are you up to
Get up, get up, get up
Manier
Stop causing trouble
Mom, get up
do not move
Can we?
Have a great few days and happy birthday
You have to attract people from this village
see our jokes
Your heart is open, isn't it?
No
back home
machine
Mom, let's go home
Well, you can come back too.
No one will ask you for a prescription
My heart is not at peace every day
why are you crying?
I am right
come on daddy
West Lake Dream
There is everything in the dream
everything is there
A beautiful girl fell from the sky
Talking in the rain, playing in the water under the umbrella
actually
district judge's daughter
It can be said that this tea
Snow foam and milk flowers floating in the afternoon
The taste of the world is pure joy
My sister is getting married soon.
Tea was served very well
my in-laws will be happy
Yes
My engagement with Mr. Song
Here too
So it seems that we both must be
Marry on the same day
What about the two of us?
Please use it slowly
This is garlic peanuts
Very popular in the city recently
I made a reservation in advance
I just had it today
I haven't bought it many times.
but i heard
This peanut
But Huair's cousin did it
Your cousin made these peanuts
My cousin lives on peanuts and garlic
i made a lot of money
However
I'm worried about this too
why is that
I'm just worried
My cousin is like this
every day in public places
go out to do business
How will you get married in the future?
Really inappropriate
I convinced her several times.
And she didn't listen either
Is this garlic and peanut useful?
I hid it from my family
self made
Flowers are also afraid of cold
The heart of the elderly at home
I'm afraid to tell my family
The flowers also fell
I have no idea
elder sister
Sister, what can you do?
it's easy
Just leave it to me
Then thank you sister
Send flowers to sister
I brought a small gift
please accept my sister
That's it
All the maids at home are tired of wearing clothes.
I feel embarrassed giving it up.
So why did you accept it?
He promised to help her
No matter what, inactivity means inactivity
Why don't you have some fun?
besides it
Do you think Lian Hua'er is good?
She just wants to borrow our hands
Only deals with her cousin
how do you know
If she really cares
her cousin's reputation
How can you tell us this?
I thought of an interesting trick
you are leanne manna
You're dealing with peanuts and garlic
The government was not informed
Dare to do business without business documents
very brave
tax refund
One hundred taels of silver
One hundred taels
you are crazy
Go grab it
Mr. Yamen
i wonder if you have
Where is the official documentation?
who do you think You Are
Do you dare ask me for official documents?
Only available to you within three days
Bring the full amount to Yemen
as far as I know
Conduct business in this foreign location
Only then should it be reported to the government
The project quantity exceeds thirty taels
tax must be paid
This is all small business for us.
Do I still need to report this to the government?
In addition, according to our country’s legal provisions
Fine for anything exceeding fifty talas
Everyone can have a 7-day grace period
I don't know, Lord Asshai.
Where does the three-day deadline come from?
less nonsense
If there is no shipment within three days,
Just wait to go to jail
How long will it rain?
just take me away
Salt Nest is facing a manpower shortage
If you go to jail, you won't go to jail.
Instead, follow the criminal
Let us go to the mountains to dig salt together and endure hardship together.
I don't want to waste any more time talking to you.
he remembers
Pay the entire amount within three days
I'm just a vegetable seller
Business license required
This is the tax collector
it comes one after another
Endless
Official here
As long as I still have some strength
they act recklessly
The common people have no way to survive at all.
No business documents
nothing to do
Where can I find him?
One hundred taels of silver
Uncle Jin is not here
My father went to another city to collect debts.
I estimate it will take ten and a half days.
return
Why don't I take advantage of my father's absence?
Hurry and prepare some medicine
Let's take him into town tomorrow
Arrived again recently
It's the cold season
what happened?
I
I just want to find Uncle Kim
Borrow some money for emergencies
borrow money
Manier
what happened?
I trade in garlic and peanuts
The government was not informed
Fines levied on government employees
You want one hundred taels
How could such a thing happen?
Manier
I still have some money here
but not enough
Take it first
Thank you, brother Yuheng
I will pay you the amount as soon as I receive the money.
I am not in a hurry
I'll try my best to put it together.
Brother Heng thinks there is something fishy about this matter
although
Doing business must report to the government
Dan Manner
this is a small company
Most of them are ordinary people
Pour in some spare food
All over the city
I have never heard of government intervention.
That's almost enough
Come
you promise
Then eat slowly
I won't bother you again
Implementation
What's up with her
This is a business document
But money still has to be paid
They gave us another ten days grace period
Thank God
At least no matter what
We can sell peanuts again to raise money
come back quickly
Although it's still early
I could also pickle another batch of peanuts.
Yes
let's go let's go
I just asked the official.
Pretty much what I thought
It's just a small company like yours.
No one in government will look down upon it.
Why was I fined 100 taels?
- Because you offended someone
Who did you offend?
No matter what he doesn't want to reveal,
Maybe this is the eldest lady.
You mean Lian Huer?
Uncle is missing
Auntie is at home all day
rub with milk
Can't go out
Who else is in the house?
Maybe it has something to do with the government.
What are you two talking about later?
we are talking
No more peanuts on hand
We discussed going back to the village to collect more things.
No need to worry too much
Your grandpa is not that kind of person
Have you taken back too much land?
I'll go talk to him
Let’s use the peanuts at home first
Once we get through this difficult time,
Give him more money to make up for it
Grandma only got into trouble once
how do you know
He won't make things difficult for us
Your father has spoken
Probably not
And, your father didn't always say that
I can't write two letters in one go
we are in trouble now
They will definitely help us
impossible
Don't even think about it
When you make money, you can share it
clear as day
Something happened and we became a family again.
Something's wrong now
Very useful
He comes to me, your expression is serious